Oh
okay
the color spectrum but guys watching
riff riff drag great okay we're going to
do a little riffing right as in uh hey
wait yeah so let's give you out one to
present your question for them so River
you interested in women yes all right
let's be honest we're going to a riff is
a pretty senior supplement senior riff
is a senior looking for some fresh
Maryland own crab cakes right guys we
got to play the sympathy he's an orphan
actually
he's being pursued by his cantankerous
uncle calve Olaf
all right how many a one girl here would
like to take Rick huh
Rep pray great I know not you you don't
count right in the back
you in the back of your hair so stand up
because it just put her hands up
oh there she is all right I'm sure
what's your name
Kristen rank here been with a prostitute
before
chrysten the specific types use what we
like to call it attention whore I'm
kidding lovely right this is a match
made in a weird prince like basement
like a like a German techno like we mean
the taint of the Power Rangers robot
Kristen all right right what are we
thinking what are we thinking what are
we thinking about her she looked pretty
good standing up there ranks up for
anything
hey maybe we could double team with Gary
Gary Gary
just don't say free bird man but do so
so you're looking for some love okay
always looking for a quick fuck I'm with
you love is damn love is dead so is
capitalism Gary what do you think go for
it
now see this is the thing right if you
would with her you would be an
interracial couple and when you 69 I
think you should call it yin yang
make love not war Brett Kristin thank
you fingers for rape take it easy kid
wrap it up hurt myself here all right
have a son we made love from your seat
UMBC anything it happened an honors
University Gary it can be a freshman
next year
today we've even do a web company in
your dorm Gary
Club one hand in the mouth one hand on
rape Kristen was the mouse